I'll help you build EventMate as a fullstack application with AI-powered event planning features and payment integration. Let me first search for relevant integrations that will be needed for this project.


Searched Replit's integrations for "payment processing stripe"
Perfect! I found integrations for Stripe payments and OpenAI for AI recommendations. Now let me create a comprehensive plan for your EventMate application.

App type
Modern web app
Integrations
PostgreSQL database
Replit Auth
OpenAI
An AI-powered event planning platform with venue and vendor recommendations, automated scheduling, budget management, and integrated payment processing
I'll include the following features:

User registration and authentication with Replit Auth for managing profiles and event preferences
Create and manage events with details (type, date, budget, guest count, location, theme)
AI-powered vendor and venue recommendations using OpenAI based on event type, budget, and preferences
Automated event schedule generation with task timelines and budget breakdown
Vendor dashboard for service providers to register, manage availability, and accept bookings
Payment integration with Stripe for processing vendor payments and budget tracking
Event calendar view with upcoming and past events
Budget management dashboard showing expense allocation and cost breakdown per event
Admin panel for managing users, vendors, events, and monitoring platform analytics
Responsive UI with event-themed design using modern color palette and smooth transitions

Get notified when your app is ready

the entire plain is good just you should use gemini ai instead of openai

37 minutes ago
Perfect! Let me search for the Gemini AI integration and update the plan accordingly.


Searched Replit's integrations for "Gemini AI"
Excellent! Now let me update the plan to use Gemini AI instead of OpenAI.

App type
Modern web app
Integrations
PostgreSQL database
Gemini AI
Replit Auth
An AI-powered event planning platform with venue and vendor recommendations, automated scheduling, budget management, and integrated payment processing
I'll include the following features:

User registration and authentication with Replit Auth for managing profiles and event preferences
Create and manage events with details (type, date, budget, guest count, location, theme)
AI-powered vendor and venue recommendations using Gemini AI based on event type, budget, and preferences
Automated event schedule generation with task timelines and budget breakdown
Vendor dashboard for service providers to register, manage availability, and accept bookings
Payment integration with Stripe for processing vendor payments and budget tracking
Event calendar view with upcoming and past events
Budget management dashboard showing expense allocation and cost breakdown per event
Admin panel for managing users, vendors, events, and monitoring platform analytics
Responsive UI with event-themed design using modern color palette and smooth transitions

Get notified when your app is ready

Start building
37 minutes ago

Show 7 more

Installed openid-client, memoizee, @types/memoizee

Decided on Gemini AI integration
I need to set up the required integrations and request the API key for Gemini AI. Let me get everything configured.

I need your Google AI API key to enable Gemini AI for intelligent event recommendations, vendor suggestions, and automated schedule generation. You can get one from https://aistudio.google.com/apikey

Secrets
Key
Value
GEMINI_API_KEY


Continue
Checkpoint made
35 minutes ago
Integrate Gemini AI and set up a PostgreSQL database for event planning

Rollback here

Changes
1 minute of work
Continue building
35 minutes ago

Planned EventMate application architecture (7 seconds)
I need to build the complete EventMate application from scratch. This is a complex multi-role event planning platform with AI recommendations, payment integration, and vendor management. Let me create a comprehensive task list and start building.


Planned EventMate application structure
Let me start building EventMate. First, I'll create the complete database schema, server infrastructure, and all frontend components with a stunning UI.


Show 9 more

Created client/src/components/theme-toggle.tsx

Planned main page components
Now let me create the main frontend pages. I'll build the stunning landing page, dashboard, and all core components:


Show 15 more
Optimized Agent memory

Planned app wiring and routes
Now let me update the App.tsx and create the server routes:


Show 5 more

Edited server/routes.ts

Pushed database schema and started
Now let me push the database schema and start the application:


Show 6 more
Checked console and system logs

Checked TypeScript errors, planned next steps
The application is running. Let me check for any TypeScript issues and fix them:


Show 4 more
Checked code issues

Decided on task completion status (6 seconds)
Excellent! The application is running with no TypeScript errors. Let me verify the landing page is working and update the task list:


Executed curl -s http://localhost:5000 | head -100

Decided on next development steps
The application is running successfully. The first task is essentially complete - I've built the schema, storage, and all frontend components. Task 2 (backend) is also mostly complete. Let me have the architect review the progress and then move forward:


Reviewed application progress and critical issues
Optimized Agent memory

Decided on user upsert logic (4 seconds)
The architect identified the key issue - the auth flow needs to upsert users on login. Let me fix the replitAuth.ts to properly handle user creation:


Opened server/replitAuth.ts

Decided on storage function implementation
The auth file already has the upsert logic. Let me check the storage implementation to ensure upsertUser is working correctly:


Opened server/storage.ts

Confirmed database setup
Let me check the database status and ensure everything is properly set up:


Verified API functionality and logs
The database is ready. Let me test the API and check for any issues:


Executed curl -s http://localhost:5000/api/vendors | head -20
Checked system logs

Decided on next steps
The API is working correctly (returning empty array for vendors since no data exists yet). The core infrastructure is complete. Let me update the task list and continue:


Decided on task completion status

Selected PostgreSQL persistence strategy (6 seconds)
The PostgreSQL database is already provisioned and working for this complex application that needs persistent storage. Let me now focus on completing task 3 - Stripe integration:


Searched Replit's integrations for "stripe payment"

Proposed Stripe integration setup
I found the Stripe integration. Let me propose setting it up for handling payments:

Checkpoint made
16 minutes ago
Integrate core application features and backend APIs for event planning